In the code below I describe a `Person` class and use a very helpful annotation (`@groovy.\-transform.\-EqualsAndHashCode`) so that Groovy sets up the approach to determining if two instances of `Person` are the same - such that `==` returns `true`. I've decided that all people will have a unique identifier and, provided two instances have the same identifier, they're the same person. This means that all three variations (`fred`, `freddie`, `frederick`) of the person with the ID `345` are equal (`==`) to each other. However, by using `is` I can see that, whilst `fred` and `freddie` point to the same instance of Person, `frederick` points to a different instance.

In the code below I describe a `Person` class and use a very helpful annotation (@groovy.\-transform\-.EqualsAndHashCode) so that Groovy sets up the approach to determining if two instances of `Person` are the same - such that `==` returns `true`. I've decided that all people will have a unique identifier and, provided two instances have the same identifier, they're the same person. This means that all three variations (`fred`, `freddie`, `frederick`) of the person with the ID `345` are equal (`==`) to each other. However, by using `is` I can see that, whilst `fred` and `freddie` point to the same instance of Person, `frederick` points to a different instance.

In the code below I describe a `Person` class and use a very helpful annotation (`@groovy.``transform.``EqualsAndHashCode`) so that Groovy sets up the approach to determining if two instances of `Person` are the same - such that `==` returns `true`. I've decided that all people will have a unique identifier and, provided two instances have the same identifier, they're the same person. This means that all three variations (`fred`, `freddie`, `frederick`) of the person with the ID `345` are equal (`==`) to each other. However, by using `is` I can see that, whilst `fred` and `freddie` point to the same instance of Person, `frederick` points to a different instance.

In the code below I describe a `Person` class and use a very helpful annotation (`@groovy.`\-`transform.`\-`EqualsAndHashCode`) so that Groovy sets up the approach to determining if two instances of `Person` are the same - such that `==` returns `true`. I've decided that all people will have a unique identifier and, provided two instances have the same identifier, they're the same person. This means that all three variations (`fred`, `freddie`, `frederick`) of the person with the ID `345` are equal (`==`) to each other. However, by using `is` I can see that, whilst `fred` and `freddie` point to the same instance of Person, `frederick` points to a different instance.
